[rocprofiler-compute] Update installation section of documentation (#3618)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/install/core-install.rst

    * - ``MOD_INSTALL_PATH``
      - Specifies an optional path for separate ROCm Compute Profiler modulefile installation.

>     * - ``rocprofiler-sdk_DIR``

Reviewer: I can't find this option in code, where is source for this? Is it in a PR at this time?

Author: cmake configuration will automatically use this cmake option when it does `find_library(rocprofiler-sdk)` in `src/lib/CMakeLists.txt`

You didn't find this in our source because these are implicit internals of cmake build system

      - Specifies the path to the rocprofiler-sdk CMake package configuration directory used to build the rocprofiler-compute counter collection tool.
        This directory should contain ``rocprofiler-sdkConfig.cmake`` (for example, ``<rocprofiler-sdk-install-path>/lib/cmake/rocprofiler-sdk``).

    * - ``STANDALONEBINARY_EXTRACT_DIR``
      - Specifies an optional temporary path to be used for extraction by the ROCm Compute Profiler standalone binary.

    * - ``STANDALONEBINARY``
      - Should be ON to enable the build of a standalone binary for ROCm Compute Profiler.

    * - ``TEST_FROM_INSTALL``
      - Should be ON to enable testing from the installation location without dependency on the source directory.

.. _core-install-steps:

> Install from TheRock nightly releases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install from the TheRock nightly releases
```

Author: the `TheRock` sounds awkward, but i guess this is more grammatically correct :)

> -------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------------------------------
```

> #. Please follow the instructions mentioned in https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/main/RELEASES.md

Reviewer 3: Use hyperlink.
```suggestion
#. Please follow the instructions mentioned in `<https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/releases>`__.
```

Author: Its already a hyperlink - when docs is built, the rst convert url to hyperlink

Reviewer 2: @xuchen-amd is suggesting a different link. Which should be the correct one?

Author: This is TheRock installation section so the rocm-systems releases link @xuchen-amd mentioned seems not correct for this section.

I have the rocm-systems release link @xuchen-amd mentioned in the `tarball` section

> #. Please follow the instructions mentioned in https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/main/RELEASES.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on installing TheRock nightly release artifacts, refer to `TheRock/Release <https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/main/RELEASES.md>`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: .. _source-install:

> Install from source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install from the source
```

> -------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-------------------------------------
```

> #. Sparse clone the repository https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems to get the rocprofiler-compute source code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Sparse clone the repository `<https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems>` to get the ROCm Compute Profiler source code.
```

   .. code-block:: shell

      git clone --no-checkout --filter=blob:none https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems.git
      cd rocm-systems
      git sparse-checkout init --cone
      git sparse-checkout set projects/rocprofiler-compute
      git checkout develop

> #. Next, navigate to rocprofiler-compute project root, install Python dependencies in a virtual environment, complete the ROCm Compute Profiler configuration and

Reviewer: Newlines preventing suggestion feature from working well, pasting below:

```
#. Navigate to rocprofiler-compute project root.

   .. datatemplate:nodata::

      .. code-block:: shell

         cd projects/rocprofiler-compute

#. Install Python dependencies in a virtual environment, complete the ROCm Compute Profiler configuration, and install.

   .. datatemplate:nodata::

      .. code-block:: shell

         # define top-level install path
         export INSTALL_DIR=<your-top-level-desired-install-path>

         # install python deps
         python3 -m pip install -t ${INSTALL_DIR}/python-libs -r requirements.txt'

[rest of code block as is....]
```

Split up the steps so that we can point to correct step in tarball instructions below.

Have not tried formatting test, so please confirm use of    .. datatemplate:nodata:: twice in my suggestion.

> #. Next, navigate to rocprofiler-compute project root, install Python dependencies in a virtual environment, complete the ROCm Compute Profiler configuration and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Navigate to the `rocprofiler-compute` project root, install the Python dependencies in a virtual environment, complete the ROCm Compute Profiler configuration, and
```

         $ ls $INSTALL_DIR
         modulefiles  {{ config.version }}  python-libs

> Install from tarball

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install from the tarball
```

> -------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-------------------------------
```

> #. A typical install begins by downloading rocprofiler-compute specific tarball for the latest release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Download the appropriate ROCm Compute Profiler tarball for the latest release
```

> #. A typical install begins by downloading rocprofiler-compute specific tarball for the latest release

Reviewer: ```
#. Download the rocprofiler-compute specific tarball for the latest release from `https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/releases`__.
#. Extract the archive (untar) and navigate into the new rocprofiler-compute directory.
#. Proceed from Step #3 of ‘Install from source’ instructions above. 
```
Cut down on words and added periods.
Also pointing the final step to one of the steps in install from source instead of vague gesture to continuing with similar methods.
Spelling for "installations".

>    from `<https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/releases>`__. From there, untar and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   from `<https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/releases>`__.
```

>    navigate into the rocprofiler-compute directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # Untar the downloaded tarball and navigate to the `rocprofiler-compute` directory.
```

> #. From there, proceed similar to installaation from source

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. From there, proceed similar to installation from source
```

> #. From there, proceed similar to installaation from source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Follow the installation steps under :ref:`source-install`.
```

      export PATH=$INSTALL_DIR/{{ config.version }}/bin:$PATH
      export PYTHONPATH=$INSTALL_DIR/python-libs

.. _core-install-rocprof-var:

> ROCProfiler SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROCProfiler-SDK
```
consistency with naming from rocprofiler-sdk readme in their project

Reviewer 2: Official branding name is: ROCprofiler-SDK

> ROCProfiler SDK

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuring the environment for ROCprofiler-SDK
```

> ---------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------
```

Author: Per rst guidelines the number of dashes should match the length of the text above it

Reviewer 2: Suggested a longer title: Configuring the environment for ROCprofiler-SDK

> ROCm Compute Profiler profiling process relies on :doc:`ROCProfiler SDK <rocprofiler-sdk:index>`'s ``rocprofiler-sdk`` library

Reviewer: Line spacing prevents suggestion feature from working, pasting suggestion below:

```

ROCm Compute Profiler profiling process relies on :doc:`ROCProfiler SDK <rocprofiler-sdk:index>`'s ``rocprofiler-sdk`` library.
Optionally, a ``rocprofv3`` binary can be used in substitution of rocprofiler-sdk library when ``ROCPROF`` environment variable is set to ``rocprofv3`` or to the path of ``rocprofv3`` binary.
```

Reword of env var option. Optionally we can give a quick code blurb for example setting ROCPROF=rocprofv3.

> ROCm Compute Profiler profiling process relies on :doc:`ROCProfiler SDK <rocprofiler-sdk:index>`'s ``rocprofiler-sdk`` library

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ROCm Compute Profiler profiling process relies on :doc:`ROCprofiler-SDK <rocprofiler-sdk:index>`'s ``rocprofiler-sdk`` library
```

> and optionally ``rocprofv3`` binary when ``ROCPROF=rocprofv3`` environment variable is provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and optionally ``rocprofv3`` tool when ``ROCPROF=rocprofv3`` environment variable is provided.
```

> You can also specify the path to ``rocprofv3`` binary by setting the optional ``ROCPROF`` environment variable to the path of ``rocprofv3`` binary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also set the optional ``ROCPROF`` environment variable by specifying the path to the ``rocprofv3`` tool.
```
